Julio Antúnez Tarín (140):
      rails_apps_composer: initial commit
      rails_apps_composer: Gemfile
      rails_apps_composer: generators
      rails_apps_composer: testing framework
      rails_apps_composer: front-end framework
      rails_apps_composer: add pages
      rails_apps_composer: add README files
      rails_apps_composer: set up database
      rails_apps_composer: extras
      Add clone data.
      Fix rspec.
      Add pages gem.
      Add bootswatch support.
      Prepare layouts and assets by area (front and back).
      Rename application assets to frontend and prepare assets to production.
      Fix sidebar in small devices.
      Rename application.
      Add real data to home page.
      Add a gem to handle configuration (figaro).
      Add devise to handle auth.
      Add devise views.
      Refactorize devise views (markup).
      Add ACL with rolify and pundit.
      Configure devise routes. Add an admin controller.
      Delete pages gems and create a frontend controller.
      Refactorize top navbar.
      Add to areas: frontend and backend.
      Add new field to User model (fullname).
      Fix strong params in application controller (devise).
      Move allowed params from application controller to registration controller (devise).
      Fix layout in registration errors use case.
      Rename custom devise views directory.
      Rename admin controller to backend controller.
      Fix features.
      Fix edit registration layout when disconnected.
      Add Pry doc gem. Refactorize local rspec configuration file.
      Add translation support.
      Add support to translate routes.
      Add support to translate routes.
      Merge branch 'feature-install' into develop
      Clean own references.
      Add custom checkbox and radio form element.
      Add users CRUD (not devise).
      Add datatables support (raw mode).
      Add datatables support (final).
      Add JS translations.
      Rebuild doc. Fix crud users back button icon.
      Merge branch 'feature-crud-users' into develop
      Bumped to version 1.0.
      Merge branch 'release-1.0' into develop
      Configure mailer.
      Configure mailer.
      Add user mailer.
      Add a default user role if none is supplied. Update seeds file.
      Add user authorization domain logic.
      Fix ajax loader markup.
      Merge branch 'feature-user' into develop
      Fix datatables pagination markup.
      Add new yard doc configuration file.
      Add documentation.
      Merge branch 'feature-documentation' into develop
      Add code coverage.
      Update Rails version (4.2).
      Add backend jobs support.
      Fix locale in defaults.
      Fix base tests.
      Fix Guardfile.
      Add spec conventions.
      Merge branch 'feature-tests' into develop
      Add code quality tools.
      Configure rubocop.
      Fix code quality advices and warnings.
      Merge branch 'feature-code-quality' into develop
      Fix locale message in login proccess.
      Configure RSpec.
      Fix current specs.
      Prepare environments.
      Follow specs conventions.
      Add user specs.
      Add spec helpers.
      Add user controller specs.
      Fix code metrics.
      Fix rubocop suggests.
      Add auth specs.
      Add controllers specs.
      Add rails helpers generators.
      Add mailers specs.
      Add policies specs.
      Add datatables specs.
      Fix rubocop metrics.
      Add ctags file.
      Merge branch 'feature-specs' into develop
      Change frontend framework (bourbon and friends).
      Fix specs (BDD - features).
      Merge branch 'feature-frontend-markup' into develop
      Add deploy settings.
      Fix validation messages.
      Add custom error pages.
      Merge branch 'feature-error-pages' into develop
      Add production assets.
      Come back links to default values in development environment.
      Add custom rake task to search napp matches. Add timestamps to crud views, devise included.
      Refactorize backend scss files.
      Add web console gem.
      Fix add user crud.
      Add new code metrics.
      Add routes info to backend navigation links, only to admin users.
      Prepare environment to pages (add slug behaviour).
      Add outfiles to code metric rake tasks.
      Add user profile data.
      Refactor admin theme.
      Add refile gem to handle file uploads.
      Add avatar to users.
      Remove dropzoneJS gem.
      Refactorize uploader without extra JS plugins.
      Remove basic uploader view functionality.
      Add user images full support.
      Merge branch 'feature-images' into develop
      Change user links and policies.
      Add user social network domain logic.
      Integrate a rich text editor (summernote).
      Add annotate gem.
      Add view model.
      Add view model specs.
      Add gem to handle links to add and remove collection elements (cocoon).
      Clean markup (remove media queries scss file).
      Add a gem to handle rails routes in JS.
      Fix date audit markup.
      Add a new frontend top bar.
      Add site model.
      Add a new top menu in frontend area. Add a site domain logic.
      Merge branch 'feature-frontend-layout-and-markup' into develop
      Add site backend link.
      Fix crud images handling.
      Add lograge for production.
      Fix sidebar link.
      Use same callback in figaro use cases (ENV).
      Add custom settings domain logic.
      Merge branch 'feature-settings' into develop
      Exclude assets directory from scripts dependencies command.

